List snippet additions (#189)
30-seconds/30-seconds-of-python: snippets/map_object.md

---
title: map_object
tags: list,intermediate
---

> Maps the values of a list to a dictionary using a function, where the key-value pairs consist of the value as the key and the mapped value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Maps the values of a list to a dictionary using a function, where the key-value pairs consist of the original value as the key and the result of the function as the value.

```
